autumn lieutenant JD Thomas here at the naval postgraduate school office
on a master's degree in financial management prior to coming to NPS
I was the a ops and the as well for does Ron staff to Mayport Florida
hi to my second tour I was for deployed on the USS Lassen and because
good Japan as the repair officer and the C. E. double I was there
for about twenty months and my first tour probably was the most
challenging tour today I was a lot of ups and downs of my TV my division
was composed of about twenty seven personnel we had a couple newly
frock first classes so is a lot of junior sailors a so we all had
a future a learning curve so like you know get around together of
course being in damage control and only in the all the fire equipment
the toilets sinks and everything you know of course things break
and you know you're responsible for that kind of stuff so nonstop twenty
months tour so I felt very challenging but at same time is very
rewarding prior to region USS Lassen I was on the list it for two years
as a underestimate air me in a kilo squadron out of Jacksonville
Florida ageism seven prior to a listing are served as a therapist
in a rehab center and one of the local hospitals background from in
Georgia how in which I had earned my master's degree from Georgia Southern
University